##############################################################################
This file contains information regarding how to setup and connect to different
cloud providers.

Author: Harsh Patel (hcpatel@cs.stonybrook.edu)
##############################################################################

Common Instructions:

To access to particular cloud storage you require two keys (access key and
secret key). Once you get these keys (using following described steps for
different cloud providers) you need to store these keys in one specific file
named cloud-config-test.properties in fsl-nfs-ganesha/java/conf. You can change
the available cloud providers in the same file. Refer to following steps for
different cloud providers to generate required keys for cloud storage access.


Generate Keys:

A. Google Cloud Platform

Steps:

1. Create a project on Google Cloud Platform. For this, log into Google cloud
platform using your email address and go to "select a project" drop down menu.
From there click on "create a project".

2. Once a project is created, select that project from the same drop down menu
which will take you to the Dashboard. Now, select "filter product and services"
from top left corner (icon with 3 horizontal lines) and go to "storage" from
it.

3. Now once you select it, you can create different buckets there. (We can also
create bucket through APIs, Bucket is same as what we refer "container" in our
Kurma code)

4. Now we need to get access to this project to list all buckets and to perform
some put and get operations. For that we require two keys: One access key and
one secret key

   To get these keys go to the "Settings" on the same "storage" page where we
created buckets.  Now click on the "Interoperability" tab inside it and enable
"Interoperable access" if it is not enabled already.

   Once you do this, you can see one button named "Create a new Key". Click on
that and it will generate "Access Key" and "Private Key" which can be used to
connect to this particular project you have created.  Use common instructions
stated at the start of this document to know how to use these keys.
